By the way, last time you asked me to ask someone to find your parents
Sorry.
That detective has limited abilities
Not found
It's okay for more than 20 years
Really hard to find
Miss Zhang, when will you come to the hospital for follow-up consultation?
I don't have the money to treat my illness now
And whether I live or die, no one should care
Dr. So
I don't have any money.
He died.
Zhao Jingxuan, that woman robbed us of a lot of resources because she was Mr. Shen's fiancée
By the way, this is your question, simple
Confirm pregnancy
Zhang Shuyan, when did you have a man?
pregnant
Cut it out.
If the family knows about this child
You will be very happy.
family business
I'm pregnant.
Really? Hmm?
It's great that we finally have our baby.
I'll take you to the hospital after get off work.
Family business, come quickly
Xuan Xuan committed suicide